[Music]
i was just having a good old time
documenting thanksgiving weekend and all
the good food
until this very sad thing happened oh
shoot so sad i broke my camera
you did it it still works
but i'm so
sorry it's lasted me a long time
i'm fine it's all good my bank account
is not fine but
i ordered a new one and we had a great
rest of thanksgiving day
i'm not sure how many of you remember
this video
where i talk about my dad turning our
pond into a european swimming pond well
he actually did it
and finished it this past fall
so i came home to a brand new pond
and my family decided what better way to
celebrate the start of winter than by
jumping in
some freezing cold water that was part
of poopa
not a party pooper you guys are just
insane 51 degrees outside everybody
i allison i'm not a team player there
you go at least i'm smart
let's jump in a river when it's 51
degrees outside
may you ever be so resistant to peer
pressure
if it's cold and you want me to go
no
go back go go turn around give us a
little yeah
are you serious ali ali are you sure you
don't want to okay rye
careful here riley
[Laughter]
come on daddy
this is this is fun come on she's not a
team player she said herself
hey guys i'm currently headed over
across the road to our shop where we
keep our christmas stuff
i'm walking because elena allison and
mom left me
i'm trying to be in a good mood but i
had a little
mishap happen with some school work that
i had today so
kind of put a damper on my feelings but
it's the christmas season and we're
about to
decorate the house so i need to be in a
good mood plus it's like
christmas time now which is so happy so
i'm gonna walk over here
hopefully i get some footage before
they're done i'll see you
at the shop let's do this your name
is still right over come on snookums
let's go
[Music]
ally this is a nice view of your room
am i sliding down my back you got it you
got it
heavy
see guys this is why i need hair
finishing sticks
for christmas i need a chicken catcher
mom
[Music]
is
the boys might be devastated but the
girls
out where was it where would we put it
actually yeah
it's it doesn't add that much what do
you do like
chicken snookums schnookie rock mama
snuggles no she's snickers no i'm
snickering
oh i cannot get up here
now she's like finally taking my spot i
want to be stuck
[Music]
i'm like wait what's in the way of this
camera but it's just
black
[Music]
you guys didn't get the village out no
honey we're not doing that this year
no yes no where would we put it
my room no not your family traditionally
it's fine we're not ready
leave the village behind
yourself thank you bro i wonder if i can
swing for this
oh this could be the thumbnail oh yeah
that's a good idea
actually that might not be a good idea
okay okay
girls doing my hat well i was healthy
what a little snicker
how does the thumbnail look i need my
hat
this
go on this side
what face
they're getting the village no i have
christmas tree in my eye
clearly now this time
we're almost unpacking the truck they
are getting the christmas village
i think elena wants to put in her room
good for her she can enjoy
the christmas cheer in her room oh i
don't want you to fall
it's so heavy what's that on my head my
head
let it go got it guys i told you my head
can withstand
anything stop okay go ahead and shut
this
i'm putting that in there oh yes i am
you
only did it because the camera's on put
the with the trunk up
no you didn't you did it for the viewers
while they finish up the big tree in the
dining room i'm gonna work on the little
one in here which is where we put all of
our presents
because it's far more cozy in the living
room to like do
the whole christmas day i'm gonna set
that one up which i usually do that
every year and
it's gonna be a good time i also brought
this
speaker to play some christmas music
because they're actually watching fast
and furious in there so there's like
no christmas vibes going on and i'm not
okay with that we need some christmas
vibes it worked
yay okay
[Music]
[Applause]
um
[Music]
one two three four five six seven
it's a beautiful village we're at tree
we got a tree i don't know about you
people but i
love christmas
[Music]
let's look at riley's stunning work okay
because it's christmas
[Music]
hope you guys enjoyed this video kind of
showing you
what our weekend was like and also
coming along with us as we
decorate for christmas max just came
down here it's like 1107
and i've just been editing for like the
past
i don't know four hours or something so
we're just
getting it done i am taking vlogmas
seriously
and i really hope you guys are enjoying
the videos so far i
have loved filming these and documenting
these memories and
i hope you guys enjoy watching them
because that's really i mean it's really
about documenting but it's also like
i'm sharing this with you because i want
you to
find some joy and some peace and some
happiness from
the videos that i'm creating so i'm
really hoping that that's coming across
and that you're feeling that when you
watch my videos so
i am so grateful for you guys all of
your support
every single one of you watched this
video thank you so much
i love you i hope you're having a great
holiday season so far
i'm so excited for the rest of this
season the rest of the videos i'm going
to make
and which one thank you for all that you
do for me
and i love you so very much and i will
see you
in the next one bye guys